the video of you will start in a few
seconds but if you're watching this on
youtube remember if you have a question
comment or suggestion for me you can
post it on 3d game man calm and the link
is provided below hello again I'm rakia
Reynolds for 30 gay men.com and welcome
to another video review today I'm
looking at the PBO five mobile phone
charger this product comes in a number
of different colors silver black blue
green and pink now this is a rather
peculiar looking mobile charger I'm not
going to say what it looks like but you
know by looking at it it is entirely
made from aluminium it has a standard
USB this is a type a female end it
accepts to regular size double A
batteries and that's a good thing
because no matter where you are you're
sure to be able to get some kind of
double a battery it weighs in at only 36
grams and the dimensions on 18 by 137 by
18 millimeters now here's the UH knopf
switch on is this way so push it towards
the USB n and this is where you would
connect a standard USB connector and at
this end is where you would insert the
batteries so just unscrew the cap and
then insert the batteries like so and
then screw the cap back on again with a
couple of double-a batteries installed
in the charger you're pretty much ready
to go now this is coined as a mobile
phone charger but you can charge pretty
much anything you want to with this as
long as
cable has a standard USB male end that
will go into the standard USB female end
on the charger connect the device that
you want to charge and then turn on the
mobile charger this is a great product
because it uses double-a batteries which
you can get just about anywhere so if
you're in a tight spot this product
might just come in handy overall this is
a great product until next time take
care I hope you enjoyed this video
review and please note that pricing for
this product is available on the 3d game
man video review page